# Unpaid

## Dsecription
We have worked on the module of Finance,Accounts and Audit(part1 of IIT-TIRUPATI's erp system requirements) as part of the course CS3105.

## Installation Instructions:

### Run frontend

1) Clone the repository using the link `https://github.com/Nish60220110anth/Unpaid.git` or click here to download as zip [link](https://github.com/Nish60220110anth/Unpaid/archive/refs/heads/main.zip)
2) `cd` into the `Unpaid/frontend` folder
3) Install dependencies using your favourite package manager (i.e command for yarn `yarn` or   npm `npm install`)
4) Run `yarn dev` or `npm run start`

### Run Backend

1) Clone the repository using the link `https://github.com/Nish60220110anth/Unpaid.git` or click here to download as zip [link](https://github.com/Nish60220110anth/Unpaid/archive/refs/heads/main.zip)
2) `cd` into the `Unpaid/backend` folder
3) Install dependencies using your favourite package manager (i.e command for yarn `yarn` or   npm `npm install`)
4) Run `nodemon start`

## Functionalities

### 1)HEFA requests

*Description*

This is a new concept in IITs. Being 3G IIT, Principal Repayment and Interest payments are being given as Grants from MOE. System shall generate HEFA
Disbursement Request based on the inputs and shall capture the payments
made by HEFA again based on the inputs, calculation of quarterly interest,
separate ledgers for Civil Works and Capital Equipment which would be given in detailed manner.

### 2)Income sheet generator

*Description:*

Institute can generate the income sheet and  print as pdf with customizable template.

**Note** Pdf generation is done in backend, no overhead is added on frontend. Copy of the generated pdf is stored in backend for ever.

### 3)Balance sheet generator

*Description:* 

Institute can generate the income sheet and  print as pdf with customizable template.

**Note** Pdf generation is done in backend, no overhead is added on frontend. Copy of the generated pdf is stored in backend for ever.

### 4)Letter of Credit

*Description:*

Letter of Credits to be generated for the imports for both institute account and project accounts in the formats prescribed by various Banks.

### 5)Annual Budegt Generation:

*Description:*

Budget has to be prepared in two stages, Annual Budget Estimates to be
submitted for the next Financial Year and Revised Estimates for the current
financial year. The Budget formats prescribed by MOE to be followed, for
which opening balance at the beginning of the Financial Year has to be
generated Head-wise. Also quarterly requirement has to be projected for every
quarter duly indicating expenditure as at the end of the quarter. Ability to
provide capital expenditure and operational expenditure for every financial
year.

### 6)Pay roll

*Description:*

Pay roll is one of the most important module in Accounts. Individual Masters
with all relevant data viz., date of joining to date of retirement, increment date,
amount, postponement if any due to Extraordinary leave and Dies-non to be
generated by the system. System shall automatically calculate the leave salary
in case an individual goes on leave affecting the pay for eg. Half Pay leave,
Extra Ordinary Leave etc. Pay roll has to be generated in two or three separate
payrolls, one for faculty, one for staff and one for Ad-hoc staff. Hope the Payroll
package is a well-defined one with income Tax calculation and based on the
rules prevailing and amended from time to time. System shall generate Arrears
payments like salary arrears, DA arrears and other arrears by inputting the
relevant parameters like from date, %age, etc. Various components have to be
worked out by the System such as House Rent Allowance, Transport Allowance
and DA on Transport Allowance, Transport Allowance for Physically challenged
officials.

For new Entrants, NPS Account generation, recovery of subscription and
calculation of Contribution from the Employer to be auto generated. NPS Form
has to be generated from the system based on the data available from the Bio-
data to Appointment order and Joining Report. As and when any arrears are
paid as part of emoluments reckoned to calculate NPS, NPS arrears have to be
calculated automatically by the system.

### 7)Hostel Check-In and Check-Out:

*Description:*

Students will enter their check-in and check-out details.Based on this
information reimbursment will be caluclated and can be transferred back
to the student's account.

### 8)Challan generation:

*Description:*

Students will enter their details and enter the amount to be paid.Based on
these details,challan will be generated. Challan is mandatory to pay the fee.

### 9)Ledgers:

*Description:*

The system manages general ledger masters and general ledger reports.

## Contributions:

**<ins>Nishanth</ins>**

Managing and maintenance of HEFA requests module, Detailed Ledgers management module and the backend modules + extra microservices on backend.

**<ins>Sidhant</ins>**

Letter of Credits template generation module, Annual Budget maintenance module and storing in databases along with some visualization of data.

**<ins>Devansh</ins>**

Payroll and employee details management module, some of the frontend related modules.

**<ins>Lithesh</ins>**

Income sheet generation module, Balance sheet reports generation module along with generating pdfs and storing in the databases.

**<ins>Saranya</ins>**

Hostell and Mess Fee Challan generation along with storing the data in databases

<hr />

## Other Note

This is our first full stack project, in fact it is our first web project.Thus, many usual industry or best conventions are not followed.

Tech stack required to build the project is learned on fly
